# OpenJS Foundation Standards Team Meeting 2019-09-10

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Rr9UTmMj8k
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/26

## Present

* OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council
* OpenJS Foundation Project Maintainers
* OpenJS Foundation Board of Directors

Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
Donovan Buck (@dtex)
Brian Kardell (@briankardell)
Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
Richard Gibson (@gibson042)
Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
Dan Ehrenberg (@littledan)
Jordan Harband (@ljharb)

## Agenda

### Announcements
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Document governance for the standards-wg [#19](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/19)

We can use the [cpc governance doc](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/HEAD/GOVERNANCE.md) to start as a starter. 
Brian + Jory + TPAC group to workshop a draft next week to share with the group

* Define and Document the on-boarding process for the Representative [#14](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/14)
https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/pull/21

Does this capture everything?
Hard to say. Reporting requirement - summary back to the community
Also perhaps a pre-meeting conversation
“We won’t cover your expenses unless you are claiming to represent the foundation”
People who have some specific proposal to champion vs. people who are playing an ambassador type role
Ambassador roles could be part of the TC39 outreach project effort
Clarity should be required around what capacity someone is serving and what 
Maybe work on some talking point/goal/objective doc to focus this prior to a meeting
Responsibility to convey the viewpoint of foundation members that gave it, this includes the representatives themselves who are free and encouraged to provide their technical opinion as well
Responsibility to make sure the things you say that do not reflect the foundation’s opinion are not misconstrued as such

* Define and Document requirements for the (Standards) Representative  [#13](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/13)

* Standards-related Travel Budget Clarification [#6](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/6)

Need estimates for next year’s participation

* TC53 participation
https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/24

Action Items: Discuss getting OpenJSF added to the TC53 roster. Clarify policy/IPR commmitments between representatives and the OpenJS Foundation. 

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


