# OpenJS Foundation Standards Team Meeting 2019-08-13

## Links

* **Recording**:  
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/12

## Present

* OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council
* OpenJS Foundation Project Maintainers
* OpenJS Foundation Board of Directors

* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Joe Sepi 
* Mike Dolan 
* Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn)
* Even Stensberg
* Ajay
* Richard Gibson!


## Agenda

### Announcements
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

What are the deliverables this group wants to work on?
A proposal for selecting Reps for us to W3C / Ecma

What are some of the things we should focus on?
What are the things we can move forward on?

JB: I suggest we start with some process for selecting individuals to represent us ...
SK: Onboarding ...
JB: Open Source to Standards path for OJS 
JS: What about the diff. hats people wear

Possible Requirements for reps?
* Need to consider conflicts of interest
* Meeting travel availability
* promote agenda topics / notes etc?~
* do we need to have some meeting or call for comments / open office hour discussion time prior to meetings
* RG: try something - Richard to send out a request for review/comment/feedback/desire for summary ahead of the October Meeting.
* JB: to do the same with TC53
* what about W3C? Maybe hold off because it’s a bit more complicated
* projects may be more interested in spec bugs and gaps more commonly than say, getting a feature etc standardized
* perhaps collaborate with WPT / Test262

AI: Richard & Jory to do a test call for responses prior to TC39 / TC53 meetings
AI: Create an issue for rep selection process proposal, to deliver to CPC
AI: Create an issue for what a rep might need to know for onboarding
AI: Create an issue for capturing requirements for the reps 

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
