# OpenJS Foundation Standards WG meeting 2019-07-02

## Links

* **Recording**:  
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/7

## Present

- Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
- Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
- Richard Gibson (@gibson042)
- Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
- Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn)
- Brian Kardell (@bkardell)
- Christian Bromann (@bromann)


## To discuss

* [JB] FYI - Update on Status @ W3C & Ecma International

EA: I would like to participate in 402 as a delegate
JB: Let’s figure that out!
MB: We need to bear in mind that we do not want to undermine the bus. Model of these orgs. Need to make sure people understand they are representing organizations and not themselves as individuals.
RG: I think this is good summary - I work for an org that could join Ecma but in practice is not going to.
EA: This is my situation as well. I would rather us not be in a position to have to define the terms (independent vs. not).
MB: I think we need to be thoughtful and careful about how many reps we send and make sure they are going with the ‘OpenJSF’ hat on. Should we send people with very specific goals in mind?
EA: I think it makes little sense to figure out what the rules are at this point and deal with this case by case.
JB/RG: short description of how these decisions were made in the JS Foundation
JB: {}
BK: I think in general it would be good to have more cross-project discussion about what needs to exist or what needs to advance. That speaks more to our value of representing the JS Ecosystem.
MB: The board charters the CPC, the CPC can charter other groups. We can put together a charter for this group. We tried to put as little as possible into the charter and as much as possible into the governance. We could go through this exercise as a group to get chartered by the CPC.
EA: I don’t think there’s any need to make changes in the CPC charter. {reads relevant section from charter}
MB: Then this group can get chartered by the CPC to handle that.
BK: I think this is all useful, it;s also a little meta. I wonder in very practical ways  is there something very simple we can do that we’re not doing?
MB: Great question. We could do a TC39 or TPAC premeeting, etc.
BK: Yes, this is a great example, +1 to that idea.

* [JB] What is our Scope - what are things we could be doing
Asking for feedback on specific proposals
Outreach things that Dan et al are doing around TC39
See stage-0 proposals
https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/HEAD/proposals/incubating/SHARED_INTERFACES/README.md
Pre-meetings for TPAC, TC39 meetings
BUDDY SYSTEM!
Play a connector role around standards and working groups
Meetups with TAG, etc
Disseminate information about what these groups are doing/talking about/working on
EA: I was not aware that the JSF was participating. It was not easy to get that info. I hope we can do more to inform people about what we’re doing.
CB: It should be easy for someone from the outside to understand and get involved/participate.
BK: One of the things W3C does now is that they have a buddy system to help you navigate

* [JB] Travel Budget Clarification

BK: No thoughts beyond I have no idea - rely on other people :)

* [JB] TPAC in September

Who’s attending? Christian, Myles, Brian, Jory -
AI: Open an issue in the Standards repo to discuss the agenda and figure out if anyone needs proxies/etc
AI: Schedule a pre-meeting for those interested?

## To decide

* How often are we gonna meet (weekly or bi-weekly or other)? Decide the time and day for the recurring meeting?

BK: weekly seems excessive
SK: once every two weeks?
MB: this webinar is set as a recurring bi-weekly
DONE
MB: Will update the meeting tool to generate all this for us

## Questions

* [SK] Getting started with Standards:
  - What is the general plan here? What do we expect to have in MVP?

JB: We could add learning resources to the repo
EA: How do we want to present ourselves to the SDOs and to the JSDev audience at large? Are we really pitching ourselves as part of the projects or as part of the larger organization (OpenJSF)
BK: Excellent question - historically we were rooted in the projects
CB: Maybe this is something we want to define as a Working group
EA: it also extends to the OpenJSF as a whole

* [SK] Specification Writing & Workshop:
  - Are there any resources already available?
  - Are we gonna have this during the collab summit?
