## Meeting Notes - 2020.12.02 Standards Working Group Strategic brainstorming session

**Present:** Mike Samuel, Richard Gibson, Brian Kardell, Jordan Harband, Jory Burson, Eemeli Aro, Michael Champion, Sendil Kumar, Robin Ginn

This meeting was not recorded and lightly noted to make space for free discussion. 

### Intro/Welcome
- Reviewed questions/prompts and limited survey data: https://hackmd.io/bz9SKl87SYCIECAXi4zOGA

### Discussion:

- Who are we? How do we define our scope? Who is interested?
    - We need to fit into the projects' own rhythm, meet them where they are. We could do some quarterly information sharing?
 - Who are our core constituencies?
    - Project Maintainers / Leaders
    - users of our open source projects
    - end users 
- Where are we on the scale of "consumption of" and "activism in" standards? e.g. do we ever imagine developing standards inside OpenJS Foundation?
    - An example from messageformat, that the latter could be needed/useful
    - Useful to identify and shore up the pieces that appear to "fall through the cracks" between existing working groups
    - **Takeaway:** we tend toward activism in participation and would be interested in providing a standardization path for our projects

### Strategic Direction(s) Ideas
1. OpenJS Foundation is a place to develop standards proposals / workstreams which are being missed by the bigger SDOs - "Fill the Cracks"
1. OpenJS Foundation is a place where the JS Community convenes to build & develop opinions for different proposals which are active in an SDO
1. OpenJS Foundation is a place for discovery of "standard stacks" e.g. we do analysis of our projects to present common pathways / approaches
    - "Does anyone else; or is it just me" type process or forum (we could expand on this from an educational perspective and post blogs "Are you experiencing X, you might be entitled to compensation etc")
1. OpenJS Foundation is a place where projects with standards-related goals (AMP, Node) receive support for their work, and where folks in those project groups cross-collaborate
1.  OpenJS Foundation is a place where people can learn and begin to onboard into standards development
    - Including programs to support and mentor people to become (chairs, editors, note-takers, etc)
    - Hub for materials around presenting on certain standards proposals / issues - create(ing) ambassadors
    - Hub for getting involved with other educational works (e.g. Standards in 2 minutes)
1. OpenJS Foundation helps make standards bodies nicer places to do work (no jerks!)
    - "what can the openjs foundation do to make standards development "NICER" in 2021"

### Ideas for Action
- Meet with Project Maintainers to discuss the Strategic Direction Ideas above and gather input on which direction(s) are most appealing
- interview our projects to see which projects are experiencing shared problems/issues/challenges (research) - get a sense to develop a bigger picture similar to the TAG. RQ - is there something we can proactively assess/review 
- Recruit a rep from each project to participate in standards wg
- Assess:
    - What is an example of something we can do? What is an example of something we can't do?
    - What do we have the best/most resources to do?
    - What should we do?
- create an FAQ for questions / answers based on profile
    - "I am a community member with a proposal for {tc39}"
    - "I want to discover standards work"
    - "I think {module blocks} are a good idea, how do I build consensus for this across the OpenJS Foundation projects?"
    - "I want to standardize {X}"
    - "I want to follow developments in {some standards body} in order to determine if I would like to get involved"
    - "I want to stay abreast of things at {late stage} standards"
