# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2020-07-14

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/99

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Donovan Buck (@dtex)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Brian Kardell (@bkardell)
* Robin Ginn
* Mike Samuel





## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Discuss necessity or lack thereof, of having a chairperson for the team. Discussed the possibility of a “chore wheel”.


* MBS: We could explore automating the transfer of notes from the Google doc to the repo. Might be worth looking into.

* MBS: TC-39 deadline for discussion is upcoming and it’s a good time to take a look at proposals that are up for advancement

* JBN: TC-53 is meeting tomorrow

* BKL shares announcement from Igalia: I work for Igalia and we work on all the open source web browsers. Tons of companies participate in creating web standards, Igalia helps gets them implemented. We thought it would be good if groups could collaborate and prioritize things to implement. We’ve identified 6 that anyone can go and contribute to help get the feature implemented. We hope this experiment will help start some healthy discussions about how the web can move forward.

https://www.igalia.com/open-prioritization/

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


