# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2020-10-06

## Links

* **Recording**:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34DxEp4x2lk&ab_channel=OpenJSFoundation
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/108

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Robin Ginn
* Myles Borins
* Mike Samuel
* Brian Kardell
* Mike Champion
* Jordan Harband
* Richard Gibson
* Jory Burson
* Donovan Buck (@dtex)


## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* A home for reference-implementation polyfills [#106](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/106)
BK: Currently in the standards dev process, proposal go from speculative idea polyfill  to a “true” polyfill to patch browsers that haven’t added the functionality. Currently there is no way to ensure those polyfills don’t fall subject or bit rot. We need an easy way for those communities to submit their polyfills to a place where they will be maintained and can be shared with the community. That’s the gist. There’s a lot to work out yet.
JH: I am one of the people that maintains widely used JS polyfills. There really isn’t a community that needs collecting and managing. These tend to be “single-maintainer” projects. Unless the foundation is removing obstacles for the maintainers I’m skeptical about this as an idea. Secondly, JS spec implementations already link to polyfills, but makes an effort to not endorse or choose a preferred solution.
BK: There is definitely some conversation to be had about “blessing” a polyfill.
JH: The long term challenge isn’t around creating a polyfill while people are excited about a proposal. Long term maintenance (after browsers start shipping) is the real problem.
JB: So this may not address the needs of polyfill maintainers unless long term maintenance is an added benefit.
MS: Agree with JH. Long-term maintenance is super important.
JH: I think a project that provides tests would be embraced. There isn’t an easy way to run 262 tests against anything that’s not a browser. That’s a problem I’d love to see solved that would definitely help.
MS: So, to restate, being able to run tests on a bunch of different platforms would be helpful.
JH: Many projects out there, whether they be polyfills, transpilers, etc could benefit from the ability to run conformance tests.
JB: Maybe this is a good thing for us to talk about on a higher level.
BK: One of the things we could do is provide a means for actually running tests. I support this.
MB: My gut on this, based on our charter, is that this is something better suited for the collaboration network. I’m not saying this work isn’t important or worthy, but for the sake of our meetings we should be facilitating discussion.
BK: I agree. We have heard from W3C and individual developers about this, so I brought this issue to see if we can facilitate some actual action.
MB: I think the goos path forward would be to set up a Collaboration Space and see if some traction can be established there.

Action Item: Jory and Brian to speak with Micheal Dawson about initializing a space for “Polyfillers”

* Proposals for TC39 [#102](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/102)

FYI - prepping for 2021 Standards strategy session  - what questions do we want to try to answer?
* How do we communicate to the broader community - how do we make member projects more aware of what we’re doing?
* Can we  poll the projects - how would you like to be represented, how would you like to get involved, etc?
* How do the projects imagine this working?


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


