# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2020-09-08

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: $GITHUB_ISSUE$

## Present

* OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council
* OpenJS Foundation Project Maintainers
* OpenJS Foundation Board of Directors

Brina Kardell
Myles Borins
Eemeli
Jory Burson
Donovan Buck
Jordan Harband

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Proposals for TC39 [#102](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/102)

* TPAC Breakout proposals - Discussion regarding ongoing things at W3C, and how OpenJS and W3C can work together. Will be revisited at the end of October. BK will share a schedule and breakouts for TPAC event (https://www.w3.org/wiki/TPAC/2020/GroupMeetings )

* Possible role for OpenJS Foundation in helping to maintain/steward proposal polyfills for new language features. MDN had been moving towards pointing to NPM packages instead of including polyfills on MDN pages. Not sure what will happen at MDN going forward so can OpenJS help with this? BK will open a new issue for discussion (tag with “standards-agenda”).

* Discussion of opportunities to share information from standards bodies activities with member projects. No role for OpenJS to have early discussion of notes prior to their public release, as attendees will need an opportunity to ensure their words are fairly represented. DB will open a new issue for discussion (tag with “standards-agenda”).

* WICG is creating a new way to create proposals. Might be interesting to various projects (https://github.com/WICG/proposals)

* Discussion around set of “Getting started” resources for community members who are interested.

## Q&A, Other

RG: Re-iterates importance of agendas and notes as they pertains to foundation.
MB: Reminds the group that in the event of little or no events on agenda, we can always cancel.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


