# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2021-04-06

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nriSV0Fg2U&ab_channel=OpenJSFoundation
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/135

## Present

* OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council
* OpenJS Foundation Project Maintainers
* OpenJS Foundation Board of Directors

* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
* Richard Gibson (@gibson042)
* Hemanth HM (@gnumanth)
* Michael Champion (@michaelchampion)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* LF scholarships for training and certification are available. 
* Programming Committee meeting for OpenJS World - participants are welcome. Speakers will be announced soon. 
* New W3C Spec editors community group has been announced - lots of potential overlap in interest from this group.
* New W3C Web Editor working group charter is out for review as well.
* Welcome Hemanth!

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Joint Statement on Open Source and Standards with W3C  [#132](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/132)

Looking to describe shared principles / pledge between open source and and open standards, how they work better together etc.
Value of Open Source, Standardization activities; Building Inclusivity / Diverse Communities; How to read & understand, contribute back to the spec / Agility, feedback, iteration, planning; one often begets the other; Social impact; multi-stakeholders not just corp. Interests (invited experts example); No one right way; Neutrality / Transparency / Openness; things co-exist; Predictability; Knowing where to go to propose new things (e.g. for open source, it's largely GitHub/Gitlab, platforms for standards are lest clear).
Robin will follow up with a draft for the group to review and comment on.

* Discussion Request: Standards/Education & Onboarding Resources [#130](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/130)

What are some of the tools and resources we can help make available for people who are interested in onboarding into "standards culture."
What information would we like to gather, and how would we like to share this information?
Hemanth shared some of the similarity and work happening in Standards in 2 Minutes.
Jory and Hemanth discussed the need to make the materials consumable and in-context for developers. What is the view that helps make standardization more understandable? How can we help developers find the proper entry point?
How much do we need to curate/contextualize the information to start? Jory advocates starting small, with something. Robin and others agree.
Michael prompted the group to think about the users stories and who the target audience for the material is. 
Mike Samuel wondered if there could be an office hours type event to answer standards related questions and to channel materials. The group liked the idea of creating a feedback loop and gathering new questions. 
Robin wondered if we could find some university partnerships and outreach to field those questions. We could start with an AMA session?
Hemanth suggested that perhaps there could be an opportunity within Google Summer of Code related to assisting content and resources around standards. The group liked this idea as well. 
Next steps would be to set up an office hour/AMA session for the Standards to gather. 
Also continue thinking about the use cases/user stories for the website. 

* Recurring meeting Conflict with CPC Working Group

We can resolve this by having the meeting earlier or shifting a week. The group decided to shift the meeting one hour earlier. Jory will send a poll in slack to confirm this would work. 

## Q&A, Other

Joe suggested that the Standards WG could be a 'collab space'. Jory suggested that some of the Standards WG projects could be created as collab spaces and that we should continue thinking about it.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

