# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2021-10-19

## Links

* **Recording**: Session was not recorded
* **GitHub Issue**: $GITHUB_ISSUE$

## Present

* OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council
* OpenJS Foundation Project Maintainers
* OpenJS Foundation Board of Directors

* Robin Ginn (@rginn) 
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeliaro) 
* Richard Gibson (@gibson42) 
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Hemanth HM (@hemanthHM)  

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* Eemeli - spoke at the unicode conf from messageformat WG - went well! Spoke along with co-presenters - talk was recorded but not sure when / how available. Also had a wg meeting there and was nice to meet everyone in person. Plan for series of design documents to address challenging spec issues. Ratified at monthly WG meeting yesterday, and hoping to see progress go further - spec in some number of months or low number of years. Eemeli to share more info on how messageformat would advance through unicode tech spec. Eemeli to work with 
* Lots of shipping happening - Node 17; nvm - adds support for windows; 
* Monday TC39 meeting - BST 
* TPAC Developer days - this week
* NearForm Node Conf
* Programming Committee meeting this week (Thursday) 
* Marketing Committee call later today - noon pacific

### openjs-foundation/standards

* W3C TAG Nominations to Open Soon [#157](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/157)
Closed 

* Document Delegates & Delegate Approval Process [#142](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/142)
Jory to do a PR for next Client

* Spec Ed site
Design resource may be needed to unblock
Jory doesn’t think they have started

* Exciting TC39 Agenda next week
Extending Null
Stage 4 proposals
Temporal changes

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

