# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2021-06-15

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHto2zR-nN4
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/145

## Present

* OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council
* OpenJS Foundation Project Maintainers
* OpenJS Foundation Board of Directors

* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi) 
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel) 
* Brian Kardell (@bkardell) 
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb) 
* Mike Champion (@michaelchampion)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb) 

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* marketing committee meeting at 3 pm
* jory finally updated the notes, there are PRs for notes to review - please +1
* Check out openjs world videos

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Requesting 10 minutes to discuss API translation effort [#144](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/144)

Mike Samuel shared a presentation on supporting many human languages in development environments. Goal is to help ore-English fluent developers navigate english-heavy apis. Issue of factorials in IDE development. Work happening on cross-language Language translation standards. LSP provides the language smarts & map translations. Additive to translation of documentation. Mike requests people who work as devs while pre-fluent to drive goal setting/prioritization; changes to LSP so a language server can connect identifiers to translations; Developer US expertise; A VSCode plugin; registry website; home org to provide structure. Would be good to have a “test project” from openjs but not necessary. OpenJS Collab Space could be helpful. Microsoft is working on this through VSCode. 

* Document Delegates & Delegate Approval Process [#142](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/142)

See: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/blob/main/MEMBER_REPRESENTATION.md
Do we have any strong feelings about how to handle this? No. Jory to open an PR to update the file. Will operationalize this in the future. 

* Discussion Request: Standards/Education & Onboarding Resources [#130](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/130)

Jory has created the new repo and added new issues to the repo. 
Do we want to start with a couple of personas (per Mike Samuel’s idea last time)? How can we do a better job recognizing groups with different needs when it comes to the standards process?
We could start taking notes / collecting examples / figuring out the gaps. Connected back to the AMA. Brian notes that devs have different impressions/frustrations/fears about engaging with SDOs. What comes up a lot is that groups are different even within a SDO. Is there a way to help explain that nuance (e.g. when should you expect a response, why are responses terse? etc). 
Mike Persona’s Doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/122hfS0jdglvCWtKn8TwqKo8Yja9duICgW-_a5aGgiKQ/edit

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
