# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2022-07-12

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/183 

## Present

Robin Ginn
Jordan Harband
Christian Bromann
Donovan Buck
Richard 

* OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council
* OpenJS Foundation Project Maintainers
* OpenJS Foundation Board of Directors




## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Define terms for SME Participation [#173](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/173)

Expectations for participation. 
Participation in Standards WG: Prep before and debrief after. (Regular WG attendance is encouraged but not required)
Person is already a credible/established participant in relevant standards. 

Possible reasons for declining:
Another more appropriate funding source has not been explored
Reputational issues we do not want associated with the foundation
The standards arena in question is not sufficiently relevant to OpenJS
The requester is not already a credible/established participant in the relevant standards arena (eg, no past record of participation)

Requesting funds does not imply that the requester is representing OpenJS, and as such, there are no inherent constraints applied to their participation solely based on usage of funds.

Add expense limit guidelines (ie lowest travel costs).
Consider and clarify why remote participation is not an option.
It is strongly recommended that you submit your request far enough in advance to get approval before making relevant expenditures. Review of requests will take at least 72 hours and may take considerably longer. 

Approvers: At least one approver from each: Standards WG and CPC.

Terms: 

* Standards WG at OpenJS World 2022 [#168](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/168)



## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

