# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2022-01-25

## Links

* **Recording**: Session was not recorded
* **GitHub Issue**: $GITHUB_ISSUE$

## Present

Robin Ginn
Michael Champion
Eemeli Aro
Mike Samuel

* OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council
* OpenJS Foundation Project Maintainers
* OpenJS Foundation Board of Directors


## Agenda

Update on LIST website (Learning in Standards & Technology). Graphic designer needed to complete the work. Robin recommended and consensus reached that we start the site as a web page on openjsf.org.

Standards WG at OpenJS World 2022: Standards WG at OpenJS World 2022 · Issue #168 · openjs-foundation/standards (github.com)
Discussion followed by Michael Champion’s points in issue.
Use foundation as voice of the user.
Explore ways to create a forum for filling in the cracks and expanding the social network of those providing feedback to standards orgs.
Robin and Mike Samuel identified potential spec editors to ask for support.
Recruit and train new editors.
Explore training or breakout session at OpenJS World or during this event’s Collab Summit.
Recognition. Explore awards to be presented at OpenJS World (similar to CNCF “Chop and carry wood awards)


### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.



## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

